two years ago I made a video about how I
made $2.5 Million by the age of 25 well
two years of elapse I'm 27 now we are
now at $1 million per month here's the
screenshot phenomenal accomplishment so
what I want to do in this video is
explain exactly what happened over the
course of these 2 years I'm want to
share what's happened since the last
video The Core revenue streams breakdown
what I've learned about scaling common
pitfalls you need to avoid and how I
plan to get to $3 million per month so
first quick refresher from the last
video the first real business I made was
in the Amazon FBA business when I was 20
years old just getting out of college
made a a little bit of money from that
then I started doing like Facebook ads
and local business marketing but then
quickly learned that local businesses
actually suck so pivoted over to an
Instagram growth agency where I could
sell it to anybody in the world got that
business up to around 12K a month then
an algorithm update destroyed that
business but I had got all the clients
with cold email so I started selling
cold email as a service to other
businesses got that to about 20K a month
then made a Twitter account called CMA
wizard made a course called cimma
Mastery sold that to 8,000 people had a
bunch of money that I was saving up at
this point because I'm a psychopath and
saving like literally everything I make
and started replicating all of the
software apps that I was referring
people to inside of the cold email core
so it it was like six software companies
that I had made then throughout this
process I had met these three really
awesome dudes Onre Christian and Dan who
were my business partners right now we
made a company called client Ascension
and this is pretty much where the last
video left off we were at around
$200,000 per month I still had a couple
of the old software companies all those
old ones failed but then we made a new
one that is absolutely ripping right now
and I'm going to talk to you about that
in just a little bit so here's exactly
what happened so we we stayed very
consistent with client Ascension and you
make money in direct proportion to the
amount of case studies you have proving
that you can get results for other
clients right so that's exactly what we
did with client essential we're still in
business we've still produced
continuously progress rively more
amounts of case studies have worked with
over a thousand people to help them grow
their business and client Ascension so
that grew pretty steadily but then me
Andre Christian Dan another guy named
Oliver who joined client essential was
one of the first people to ever join
client Essen we made a software company
called list kit and list kit sells the
leads part of the cold email when people
were doing cold email campaigns that
business is now over $500,000 per month
alone we were actually able to get it to
$100,000 Mr in 90 days within starting
also just launched another product
service like coaching thing called
Olympia and that's to help people who
are at like 30k a month scale with ads
exactly what we're doing with the
software side so we have client
attention list kit and Olympia and
that's how the revenue is broken down
but most of the money is made not from
coaching so this is the thing with a lot
of people you see online talking about
how much money they make it's all from
coaching most of our money is not from
coaching coaching is just like a cash
flow thing to facilitate our lifestyle
to be able to grow this software company
so that we can grow that super massive
and sell it for a bunch of money that's
the play here that's how we're trying to
get rich so the 1 million doll in a
month in December was made up from
client Ascension Olympia and list kit
real quick I want to talk about profit
margins because I know some dude is
going to come in the comments who's
never run a company in his life and say
but what's the profit margin the answer
is right now it's about 40% but I could
immediately send that up to 70 or 80%
but trade off growth so you have to
understand that when you're growing a
company you trade profit margin right
now in exchange for growth later on so
that you can make a higher absolute
amount of profit later on this is what
people don't understand what's the
profit margin they functionally do not
get the concept of reinvesting profits
into a business so that the revenue
grows higher so that the absolute amount
of profit goes up way later on that's
what we're doing so here's what I've
learned about scaling and what what the
Core lesson is from the last video and
this video now is that you need to make
more products and that's the thing that
kind of unlocked all this growth for us
and being able to reach a million in a
month is that before it it was kind of
stuck between 200 and 400k a month it
just like really like couldn't couldn't
break past there and the reason why is
cuz we were only really selling one
thing which was client Ascension but
then we started adding a bunch of other
things there's also like peripheral
prodct like there's some low ticket
products we've sold we've done some
in-person events that we sell tickets to
and that helped Drive Revenue up as well
but but the Core lesson is that if you
really want to substantially increase
Revenue you need more products and
services to sell because you have to
understand if you're selling hundreds or
thousands of customers they come in they
churn from something else but that
doesn't mean that they're not going to
buy something else they will buy
something else and that's the core
premise that you kind of need to unlock
in your head to make like a lot more
money is that somebody who pays you
money is insanely probable to continue
paying you money the the most probable
person on Earth to buy something from
you is somebody who has already bought
something for you this is what you have
to understand so this is why you want to
get the maximum amount of people who
have paid you any money at all because
if you have a ton of people thousands or
tens of thousands of people who have
paid you any money at all those people
will more than likely continue to buy
additional things from you if you make
the products for them so if you only
have one product or service and you have
a bunch of people who have turned you're
leaving a tremendous amount of money on
the table by not making additional new
products to sell the people who have
already bought something this is the
unlock this is how you make tremendous
amounts of money a lot of people's
businesses rely solely 100% completely
on new customers but this doesn't
actually make any mathematical sense
because you have to imagine that to
acquire a customer it costs money you
have to spend time making content time
doing Outreach or money on ads or some
some other mechanism and to get somebody
from completely cold traffic never heard
of you before ever to pay you money is
super expensive in comparison to just
selling something to somebody who
already knows likes and trusts you now
you probably understand this concept
like you like you you get this but what
happens with people when they have a
bunch of clients and they've worked with
a bunch of people the reason why they
don't approach old clients is because
they're scared of the results that they
gave to a client like they don't want to
confront somebody who has given the
money because you have this unconscious
shame around having received money from
somebody you you you you have a bad
relationship with money you think that a
somebody gave you money there's like a
feeling of Shame associated with it
which is not correct at all that that's
literally just not how it works somebody
bought something from you they liked it
they'll continue to buy it so when you
have this unconscious shame around money
you are under the presumption that
everybody who has given you money
doesn't like you so up to this point
I've not only taken a business to 1
million
per month myself but also help thousands
of other people and I've watched people
go from zero to 100K a month or or 20K a
month to 800k a month i' I've watched so
many of these people go through this
life cycle of growing a business so what
I want to do in this section of this
video is walk through the common
pitfalls that you'll normally see at
each Revenue level that I've observed
over the hundreds and thousands of you
that I've personally helped so let's
start with this your first client up to
10K a month what stops you from getting
past 10K a month you need to understand
understand these two things one a client
only buys something from you if there's
a tangible result that they can expect
to receive number two saturation does
not exist you are more likely to make
money in a saturated Market than coming
up with something brand new this is
literally what the phrase product Market
fit means like when a company says oh we
found product Market fit and we were
able to scale that's literally what it
means if you try to come up with random
things just oh look at this
revolutionary new idea there's there's
no proven demand there's no product
Market fit you just made something up
that people don't buy that's why you
don't make any money you're trying to
sell something that people do not
purchase I was just on a Consulting call
with this guy he was in client ens a
while ago and then he left and he
changed up his offer and he was trying
to do this new thing he was he was
trying to sell marketing services to
like small hotel chains and I didn't
like this idea and this is this is a
very simple reason why I didn't like
this idea I asked him do you know even
one person on Earth even One Singular
human who sells marketing services to
small hotel chains and became wealthy or
makes literally any money at all do you
know even a single person on the planet
who has achieved this and he said no and
I said so what makes you think that
you're going to be able to do this what
why is it that you thought you could
just sell this random ass thing that you
came up with to this random ass Niche
that is not proven that clearly nobody
buys why do you think that you would be
different and this is the reason why
nobody is ever able to get past 10K a
month he already had a business that was
doing a good job selling a lot of
services to a specific Niche and for
some reason you just got like shiny
objects in them or something it doesn't
make any sense stop selling things that
don't have proven demand you're not
special you are not as special as you
think you are you're not going to make
something work that's never been proven
to work just sell the thing that people
already buy it's so much easier and this
is just reality it's if the market
doesn't buy it then then don't sell it
it's it's it's almost like expecting
like if you jump off the third floor
balcony of a building that you're not
going to fall like if you jump off
balcony you do fall like gravity does
exist right so if you go into a market
where there's no demand it's like the
demand does does not exist money does
not flow stop doing that like stop
jumping off the third floor balcony and
thinking that you're different and
gravity is not going to impact you step
into reality if you want to get rich
sell the things that rich people are
selling it's really that simple okay
next one what what stops you getting
past from like you get to 10K a month
and then your next wall around you're
going to hit is about 50k a month what
stops you from getting past 50k a month
you will never get past 50k a month if
you fail to develop a team of people who
can do client fulfillment for you I I
see this all of the time in client
essential when I'm doing my coaching
calls people come in and there's a guy
literally last week and he was talking
about like hey look I'm trying to sign
more clients and and that's not actually
what he's trying to do cuz when I dig
deeper into the situation it's like
who's doing the Fulfillment here he's
doing the Fulfillment here and you come
to uncover that this guy has like
hundreds of leads he could contact and
is subconsciously sabotaging his sales
calls because if he signs a new client
he has to do hours and hours of manual
work that he doesn't want to do so he's
subconsciously sabotaging all of his
sales calls and doesn't even want to
sign a client so so much of this is
subconscious and you have to recognize
that literally no one wants to work at
all and this isn't saying like oh you're
lazy it's not what it is I don't want to
work either literally I don't want to
sit and record this YouTube video I
actively did not want to do this nobody
wants to work and this is the thing so
you have to recognize what's occurring
in your subconscious if signing a client
results in you needing to spend like 20
hours of work on something you're just
not going to want to sign the client
it's really that simple so it is
functionally and mathematically
impossible for you to scale your offer
or your company if your signing clients
and you are the one doing all of the
work you have to hire people you need to
become a leader of people who are
capable of doing what you are doing
there is literally no way that you get
past this Revenue level 50k a month if
you do not do this you have to
understand this is not something that
you get to skip past it just is reality
you do need to hire people you do need
to train them you do need to be active
in the management of them and become a
good leader and get them to be as good
as you are on the Fulfillment side
there's literally no way around this you
have to do this all right so you get to
50K and you learn how to hire people now
so you're doing this and they're doing
the work for you and this gets you up to
around like 200k a month if you develop
that ability you can sign clients and
not even do any manual work yourself to
fulfill for the clients you will get to
200k a month because you have broken
down the subconscious barriers of
wanting to sign new clients so now that
you have this ability what's going to
stop you from getting past 200k a month
it's about making more products you need
down selles crosses upsells packages you
need to just sell people more things you
have to understand that so you have some
retainer service someone pays you like
$3,000 a month and then and then they
churn they can be sold something else
they can either be down sold to
something or upsold to something else
that fits them better let's say you get
on a sales call and someone doesn't want
to go into a recurring service sell them
something else sell them some low ticket
thing maybe sell them a higher ticket
thing maybe they don't want to actually
buy because they want some other things
so you can package two things together
and make a custom deal for them this is
you got to understand that people do
this thing where they'll they'll have
very specific set packages we only do it
like this for this price when the client
is just telling you well if you could do
this for me I'd pay this and you're like
no we don't do that it makes literally
zero sense at all like this is going to
be super messy you're going to have a
bunch of people on this kind of custom
thing a bunch of people on this custom
thing and that's how you make money a
lot of money is simply an aggreg ation
of a bunch of like custom little things
you see what I mean like everyone just
has bought something different this is
what you need to do the problem people
have is they'll come up with someone
offer maybe it's some like I don't know
coaching program or some done for you
package and they'll get it up to like
100k a month or 200k a month and they
never get past that you're a onetick
pony what you did is you found one offer
with product Market fit and then you
built a business around one offer and
that was it and you couldn't ever scale
past that you were literally a one-trick
pony it's not that you only need to do
this one time it's if you want to make
millions and millions and millions of
dollars you need to do this multiple
times throughout your life making many
different funnels many different offers
many different teams many different
sales teams many different value
propositions and packages and down cells
and cross celles and upsells it's just
an aggregation of so many things that
interweave together you need to
replicate everything that you have you
you get something up to cool that that
was one shot bro do it again and then
again and then again and then again and
then again and you keep doing this until
you make millions of
there are three different types of
offers you have do-it-yourself which is
like that could be like a digital
product like a course then you have done
with you which is like coaching or like
Hands-On oneone type stuff and then you
have done for you which is just a done
for you service and then you can like
kind of package these together and like
like make like a hybrid offer like a
hybrid offer is where you do something
done for you on the front but then it's
just coaching after the done for you
thing is facilitated it was like a setup
of the done for you thing like you can
you could just do things dude like just
just make [__] up okay so let's talk
about how exactly to to sign clients
what what do we do to sign clients so
this is reality there are only three
ways to sign clients content marketing
cold Outreach in ads and every new crazy
way to sign clients that you're going to
see from any Guru on the internet
literally at all ever anybody selling
you the new way to sign clients there is
no new way to sign clients there's never
been a new way to sign clients there
never will be a new way to sign clients
every single mechanism or method by
which you assign a client 100% of the
time forever in always will fall within
the three categories of content
marketing code Outreach and ads
everything will fall it it's literally
just that there's no other way to do
this so what does this mean it means
that if you're trying to sign clients
and you are doing anything throughout
the day that is not making more content
doing more Outreach or making and
renting new ads it's a waste of time if
anything you're doing is not one of
those three things it is objectively by
its descriptive nature a complete waste
of time if you're if you say you want to
sign clients and you're not making
content doing Outreach or filming ads
you are a liar you literally are you you
you actually don't want to sign clients
if you're not doing one of those three
things which goes back to the
subconscious triggers so it might be
that you're saying you want to sign
clients but you don't have a team to do
fulfillment so you don't want to sign
clients because when you sign a client
you have to do a bunch of work so you
subconsciously sabotage yourself and say
you want to sign you tell everyone that
you want to sign clients but you don't
actually want to sign clients cuz you
don't want to do any work completely
normal you see what I mean but you have
to recognize what exactly is going on in
your mind here there are way too many
instances where I'm Consulting with
somebody I'm talking to somebody and
they'll ask me a question like is my
offer good or like what what about The
Branding here like is this vssl good is
is this landing page good and there's so
many thousands of different questions
that are completely useless to focus on
at all because when you actually dig
deep into what this person is saying you
100% of the time figure out that they're
not making any content they're not doing
any Outreach and they're not running any
ads so they sit here and they think that
if I just [__] with my offer enough if I
change the headline in my website enough
times or if I redesign this or if I do
this with the vsso I'm going to get
clients no you're not bro everything
you're doing is a waste of time and it's
it's simply a mechanism to delay having
to make content do Outreach or run ads
if you are not doing those three things
you are not signing clients ever it's
really that simple so how do I plan to
get to 3 million a month and the answer
is to drink my own Kool-Aid so I'm going
to keep doing everything I've already
been doing in everything I preach to
everyone to you in this channel to my
clients and client ens my clients in
Olympia I'm going to keep doing
literally everything I always say I'm
going to keep making more content we're
going to keep running more ads we're
going to keep doing more Outreach and
then we're going to keep making more
products we're going to keep getting
case studies from the people we signed
we're going to keep using those case
studies as sales assets and sending them
the leads to increase inre the close
rate we're going to keep this literally
that's it everything I've talked to you
about in this video I'm going to just
simply continue to do what I have
already done and it probably will get us
to 3 million a month because when I made
the last video when we were at 200k a
month that's literally what I said is is
that we're going to keep making content
we're going to we're going to keep doing
Outreach and we're going to keep running
ads and then we continued to do that we
got to a million a month and now I'm
saying it again I'm going to keep doing
what has already worked you see what I
mean it's really that simple stop over
complicated you are completely capable
of running a successful company yourself
if you just calm down and focus on the
things that actually work two phrases I
constantly say to myself repeat to
myself and you should do the same first
is keep it simple stupid just keep it
simple everything you need to do is
extremely simple way less complicated
than you think it is number two keep the
main thing the main thing if you want to
sign clients just make content do
Outreach run ads that's it nothing else
don't focus on anything else at all so
here's what I would do if I were
starting an offer today design an offer
for rich people sell to rich people stop
selling to poor people use DMS and C
email to reach them get a case study
make YouTube videos and post content
online to get inbound leads keep signing
more clients and keep making more case
studies make additional products and
services to keep selling to the leads
and the other clients and if you want my
personal help facilitating all these
systems inside of your business you
should consider joining client Ascension
at the link in the description here's
two recent case studies I just posted on
my channel important to note that these
two case studies are not a typical
result inside of the program if you want
abnormal results like this you need to
be an abnormal person magnificent
results require magnificent effort and
intelligence Max stent who was able to
go to 150k a month at about a year and a
half he got his first couple clients
with cold Outreach and then started
posting content online to develop a
bunch of inbound leads and then he just
repeated that continuously over and over
and over again and for a year and a half
until he reached 150k a month hired
people did everything I talked about
inside of this video Sam Susan who was
able to get his LinkedIn content agency
to 70k a month same exact thing got his
first couple of clients with cold
Outreach started posting his own content
online got a bunch of inbound leads kept
repeating this process is now at 70k a
month is going to continuously doing
this he'll probably double his business
within a year or something like that
this is the Playbook that's been working
a really long time for now it's it it's
always worked like this it's going to
continue to work like this you get
clients with cold outwards get a case
study start making content and I get
inbound leads it's l it's the same thing
over and over over and over again if you
want my personal help with helping you
develop these systems inside of your
business exactly like I've done with the
thousand plus people I've worked with
and exactly what I've done for myself to
get our businesses to the level they're
at now go to the link in the description
client ascension. I'll see you over
there